Release Note for WebView2 with Stable 107 and Pre-release 109 (#2277)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/release-notes.md

To use a prerelease SDK along with a Microsoft Edge preview channel, see [Test upcoming APIs and features](how-to/set-preview-channel.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## 1.0.1418.22

Release Date: October 31, 2022 

> [NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 22](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1418.22)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1418.22](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1418.22)
```

## 1.0.1466-prerelease

Release Date: October 31, 2022

[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1466-prerelease](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1466-prerelease)

For full API compatibility, this version of the WebView2 SDK requires Microsoft Edge version 109.0.1466.0 or higher.

### General

#### Experimental features

* Added support for creating a shared memory based buffer with a specified size:
    *  `close`
    *  `get_Buffer`
    *  `get_FileMappingHandle`
    *  `get_Size`
    *  `OpenStream`  

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalsharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

---

> *  Added support to share a shared buffer object with script of the main-frame/iframe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Added support for accessing a shared buffer object from the script of the main frame or `iframe`.
```

To use a prerelease SDK along with a Microsoft Edge preview channel, see [Test upcoming APIs and features](how-to/set-preview-channel.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## 1.0.1418.22

Release Date: October 31, 2022 

[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 22](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1418.22)

For full API compatibility, this version of the WebView2 SDK requires WebView2 Runtime version 107.0.1418.22 or higher.

### General 

This WebView2 SDK release has the same bug fixes that are in WebView2 SDK 1.0.1466-prerelease. See Bug fixes in the following section.

---

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## 1.0.1466-prerelease

Release Date: October 31, 2022

[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1466-prerelease](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1466-prerelease)

For full API compatibility, this version of the WebView2 SDK requires Microsoft Edge version 109.0.1466.0 or higher.

### General

#### Experimental features

> * Added support to create a shared memory based buffer with the specified size:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for creating a shared memory based buffer with a specified size:
```

    *  `close`
    *  `get_Buffer`
    *  `get_FileMappingHandle`
    *  `get_Size`
    *  `OpenStream`  

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer?view&preserve-view=true=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalsharedbuffer?view&preserve-view=true=webview2-1.0.1466-prerelease)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalsharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```
Expect fixed link to =
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalsharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

> * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view&preserve-view=true=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

---

> *  Added support to share a shared buffer object with script of the main-frame/iframe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Added support for sharing a shared buffer object with the script of the main frame or iframe.
```
@peiche-jessica - pls tech review the removal of hyphen & the word 'or'.

Other variants eg:
Added support for sharing a shared buffer object with the script of the main-frame (an iframe).

Reviewer 2: Added support for accessing a shared buffer object from the script of the main frame or `iframe`.

Reviewer: This thread got Resolved w/o changing the line, so I entered fresh [comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2277/files#r1012347346) w/ Jessica's verbiage.

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.postsharedbuffertoscript?view&preserve-view=true=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease#microsoft-web-webview2-core-corewebview2-postsharedbuffertoscript(microsoft-web-webview2-core-corewebview2sharedbuffer-microsoft-web-webview2-core-corewebview2sharedbufferaccess-system-string))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.postsharedbuffertoscript?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```
goal: end up at
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.postsharedbuffertoscript?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease

so test prefix +
/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.postsharedbuffertoscript?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true
Success.

> * [CoreWebView2Frame.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2frame.postsharedbuffertoscript?view&preserve-view=true=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease#microsoft-web-webview2-core-corewebview2frame-postsharedbuffertoscript(microsoft-web-webview2-core-corewebview2sharedbuffer-microsoft-web-webview2-core-corewebview2sharedbufferaccess-system-string))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2Frame.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2frame.postsharedbuffertoscript?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```
goal: end up at:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2frame.postsharedbuffertoscript?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease

so test prefix + 
/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2frame.postsharedbuffertoscript?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true
Success.

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2.PostSharedBufferToScript method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2?view=&preserve-view=truewebview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease#postsharedbuffertoscript)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript)
```
test prefix +
/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript
Success; end up at:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript

> * [CoreWebView2Frame.PostSharedBufferToScript method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2frame?view&preserve-view=true=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease#postsharedbuffertoscript)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2Frame.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2frame?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript)
```
test prefix +
/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2frame?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript
Success; end up at:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2frame?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

* [ICoreWebView2Experimental18::PostSharedBufferToScript method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimental18?view=webview2-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript)
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFrame4::PostSharedBufferToScript method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalframe4?view=webview2-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript)

---

> *  Added support by adding these properties to run JavaScript code from the JavaScript parameter in the current top-level document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Added support for running JavaScript code from the `JavaScript` parameter in the current top-level document:
```
@peiche-jessica - is the name/spelling of the parameter:  `JavaScript`  ?

Reviewer: I suppose from the context, since the API tab-set is immediately below, no need to say "by adding the following properties and/or methods:"

This is an aspect of doc design for cross-platform docs stylization.

    *  `ColumnNumber`
    *  `LineNumber`
    *  `Message`
    *  `Name`
    *  `ToJson`

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

* [CoreWebView2ScriptException Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2scriptexception?view&preserve-view=true=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1466-prerelease)

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2ScriptException Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2scriptexception?view&preserve-view=true=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2ScriptException Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2scriptexception?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```
test prefix + 
/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2scriptexception?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true
Success; end up at:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2scriptexception?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalScriptException interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalscriptexception?view=webview2-1.0.1466-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

---

#### Bug fixes

> *   Fixed a bug which custom header title in print settings could be wrong([Issue #2093](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2093))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug in which the custom header title in print settings could be wrong. ([Issue #2093](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2093))

```

> *   Display AllowedCertificateAuthorities in add_ClientCertificateRequested event as Base64 string. (Runtime)([Issue #2346](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2346))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Display `AllowedCertificateAuthorities` in `add_ClientCertificateRequested` event as a `Base64` string. (Runtime)([Issue #2346](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2346))
```
If we wanted more clarity, could add "instead of binary data"

> *   Fixed a bug which default footer URI in print settings is missing.([Issue #2851](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2851))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug in which the default footer URI in print settings is missing. ([Issue #2851](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2851))

```

> *   Fixed a bug that brings null poiner exception related to print settings. (Runtime)([Issue #2858](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2858))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug that produces a null pointer exception that's related to print settings. (Runtime)([Issue #2858](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2858))
```

> *   Fixed a bug that reports failure navigation when redirecting to a server that has configured with Client Certificate Authentication and when add_WebResourceRequested is subscribed. (Runtime)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug that reports failure of navigation when redirecting to a server that has been configured with Client Certificate Authentication and when the `add_WebResourceRequested` event is subscribed to. (Runtime)
```
@peiche-jessica - which wording to use?
reports failure navigation when redirecting
reports failure of navigation when redirecting
reports navigation failure when redirecting
reports that navigation failed when redirecting

Reviewer: Is there an Issue to link to?

Reviewer 3: "reports navigation failure when redirecting"

Reviewer: I edited the Suggested Change per Nishitha.

> *   Fixed AddHostObjectToScript bug in which JS calling an async method and then a sync method, the async method call might fail.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed an `AddHostObjectToScript` bug in which, when JavaScript calls an async method and then a synchronous method, the async method call might fail.
```

To use a prerelease SDK along with a Microsoft Edge preview channel, see [Test upcoming APIs and features](how-to/set-preview-channel.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## 1.0.1418.22

Release Date: October 31, 2022

> [NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1418.28](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1418.22)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1418.22](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1418.22)

```

For full API compatibility, this version of the WebView2 SDK requires WebView2 Runtime version 107.0.1418.22 or higher.

### General

> This WebView2 SDK release has the same bug fixes that are in WebView2 SDK 1.0.1466-prerelease. See Bug fixes in the following section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This WebView2 SDK release has the same bug fixes that are in WebView2 SDK 1.0.1466-prerelease. See **Bug fixes** in the following section.
```
like https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/release-notes?tabs=dotnetcsharp#general-2
